Feature/professional-readme-and-docs (#21)
a11yphant/a11yphant: documentation.md

    - [Logs](#logs)
    - [Stop All Services](#stop-all-services)
- [Coding Conventions](#coding-conventions)
    - [HTML](#html)
        - [Class Order](#class-order)
    - [CSS](#css)
    - [Testing](#testing)
    - [Commit Messages](#commit-messages)
    - [Branches](#branches)
- [Useful pm2 Commands](#useful-pm2-commands)
    - [Show All Running Services](#show-all-running-services)
    - [Synchronize Running Services](#synchronize-running-services)
    - [Show Logs](#show-logs)
    - [Stop All Services](#stop-all-services)
    - [Stop Individual Service](#stop-individual-service)
    - [Delete All Services](#delete-all-services)
    - [Delete Individual Service](#delete-individual-service)

<hr style="color:white; height:1.5px; width:100%;"/>

## General Information

Technically, a11yphant is split into three applications:

1. The **API** (Backend)
2. The **Site** (Frontend)
3. The **Submission Checker** (Backend)

All three applications are written in [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org). 
The **Site** uses the React framework [NextJS](https://nextjs.org), [GraphQL](https://graphql.org/) and [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/).

> The **API** and the **Submission Checker** use the Node framework [NestJS](https://nestjs.com). The **API** also uses [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io) and GraphQL. In addition, [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **API** and the **Submission Checker** use the Node framework [NestJS](https://nestjs.com). The **API** also uses [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io) and GraphQL. [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) is used as the database.
```

## Prerequisites

### 1. Install Docker

This project uses [Docker](https://www.docker.com/). Please make sure you have it installed.

### 2. Create a GitHub Access Token

> Create an access token for the Github API. This access token is required to install our private NPM packages. You can follow [this guide](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an access token for the Github API. This access token is required to install our NPM packages from the GitHub NPM registry. You can follow [this guide](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token).
```

Our npm packages are not private. They are just registered in the GitHub npm registry (instead of the "normal" npm registry).

### 3. Install Node via `nvm`

This is important. You must have Node installed via `nvm` for this project to work correctly ([Setup Instructions](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)).

**TLDR:**

1. Log into your GitHub account.
2. Go to *Settings* -> *Developer settings* -> *Personal access tokens* -> *Tokens (classic)*.
3. Create a token and choose the scope `read:packages`.
4. In your terminal, run the following command and login with your github user and the just created token as password:
```bash
npm login --scope=@a11yphant --auth-type=legacy --registry=https://npm.pkg.github.com

> ```

Reviewer: The TLDR should be part of section 2

## Setup

> To setup the project the project follow these steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To setup the project the project follow these steps:
```

1. Clone the repository.
```bash

> git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/a11yphant.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git clone git@github.com:<your-username>/a11yphant.git
```

Prefer cloning via SSH (although it technically doesn't matter)

```

> 2. Make sure all steps from the [prerequisites](#prerequisites) are completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Make sure you completed all steps from the [prerequisites](#prerequisites).
```

> 3. Make sure, Docker is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Make sure that Docker is running.
```

4. Run the install script.
```bash
# Installs the correct node version, all packages and creates symlinks
./install.sh
```

> **Recommendation:** It is recommended to add one of the following scripts to your `.bashrc` or `.zshrc`. This script automatically changes to the correct Node version when entering this project. These scripts originate directly from the `nvm` documentation: (1) [bash](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#bash) or (2) [zsh](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#zsh).

5. Start the application.
```bash
# Start all services in the background with pm2:
npm start
```

6. Make a database data import to get dummy data.
```bash

> # To load dummy data for challenges into the empty database, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Import the existing challenges into the database.
```bash
# To load the existing challenges into the empty database, run the following command:
```

These are our actual challenges, not dummy data

npm run import-challenges
```

> 7. Your application is now up and running at [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Your application is now up and running at [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001). You can also explore the API using GraphQL Playground at [http://localhost:3000/graphql](http://localhost:3000/graphql).
```

> 8. To stop the application or look into the logs of an individual service, have a look at the sections [Custom NPM Commands](#custom-npm-commands) and [Useful pm2 Commands](#useful-pm2-commands).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. To stop the application or examine the logs of an individual service, have a look at the sections [Custom NPM Commands](#custom-npm-commands) and [Useful pm2 Commands](#useful-pm2-commands).
```

## Custom NPM Commands

### Start All Services

> You can choose if you want to start the services in the background or in the foreground. If you start them in the background, they are running but you can still use the shell/terminal in the meantime. If you start them in the foreground, you have to press `control + c` to exit/stop the service and use the shell/terminal again.

Reviewer: There is no practical reason to start the processes in the foreground. You just get a lot of log output and it's confusing. I don't know why I added this option in the first place. 

So we probably shouldn't document it and remove the `npm run dev:no-daemon` command

Author: makes sense. I removed it but didn't resolve this conversation yet so you can have a look at the new changes.

#### Background

```bash
#Starts all services in the background with `pm2`
npm start

# or

npm run dev
```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe mention the` pm2 list` command here so people who have never used a tool like pm2 don't get confused as to where the project is running.

Author: I added a note, I hope this is what you meant.

#### Foreground

```bash
# Starts all services in the foreground
npm run dev:no-daemon
```

#### Start an Individual Service

> 

Reviewer: Maybe we should delete this section. The project setup is designed for the services to be run together. So running services individually might not always work (e.g., the site can't run without the API, the API can't run without the docker services etc.)

What do you think @lucapircher?

```bash
# API

> npm run dotenv -- npm run dev:api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm run dev:api
```

`npm run dotenv --` is only necessary for the site because the site has to wait for the API to start, so it needs to know the API_PORT env var

# Site
npm run dotenv -- npm run dev:site
```
> **Note:** The `npm run dotenv` part injects all env vars to the CLI context. Thereby it is possible to wait for other services before starting a service (e.g. `site` only starts when `api` has been started successfully because it depends on a working API).

> 

Reviewer: The submission checker is missing from this section

Author: I added it now.

### Logs

> To look into the logs of an individual service you can use the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To look into the logs of an individual service, you can use the following commands:
```

```bash
# API
npm run debug:api

# Site

> npm run debug:site

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Site
npm run debug:site

# Submission Checker
npm run debug:submission-checker
```

```

### Stop All Services

```bash
npm run stop
```

## Coding Conventions

We follow some coding conventions within this project. We try to use a uniform system for our commits and branch names. With this system we hope to achieve better readable, easy to follow and easy to understand messages when looking through the project history.

### HTML

Please always keep in mind to write accessible semantic HTML within your React components.

#### Class Order

> When assigning Tailwind classes to an HTML element, they have to be in a specific order. In addition, they are wrapped and separated inside `clsx{("")}`, which is an npm package we use to have a more visually pleasing structure. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When assigning Tailwind classes to an HTML element, they must be in a specific order. In addition, they must be wrapped and separated inside `clsx{("")}`, which is an npm package we use to have a more visually pleasing structure. 
```

```JSX
// an example:
<a
 className={clsx("my-8 font-sans", "hover:text-primary-light","focus-rounded-instead-of-underline", "md:my-0")}
>
    info@a11yphant.com
</a>
```

The order of classes within `clsx` is as follows:

1. classes that don't fit into any other bullet point category (like positioning, colors, fonts, etc.)
2. animation stuff like `group`, `transition`, etc.
3. `Hover` styles
4. `Focus` styles
5. custom Tailwind classes
6. Breakpoint `xs`
7. Breakpoint `sm`
8. Breakpoint `md`
9. Breakpoint `lg`
10. Breakpoint `xl`
11. Breakpoint `2xl`

> Please keep in mind to only use classes you really need. If you refactor a component, remember to check the responsibility and adapt the style changes in the breakpoints accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind to only use classes you really need. Additionally, always verify that your components are responsive. When implementing responsive styles, note that we use a mobile-first breakpoint system.
```

### CSS

We use Tailwind for styling. If you want to set global variables you can do so in the `tailwind.config.js` file. Some very specific custom stylings can be found in the folder *Styles* within the **Site** application. This folder contains: 
- a SCSS file that imports all fonts: `fonts.scss`
- a SCSS file for custom stylings (like media queries or custom focus styles): `custom.scss`
- a SCSS file that sets some global styles (for headings, text-length, etc.): `global.scss`

### Testing

> We write tests in the frontend and the backend to assure code quality. We primarily have the following tests across our three applications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We write tests in the frontend and the backend to ensure code quality. We primarily have the following tests across our three applications:
```

- **API**
    - Unit Tests
    - Integration Tests (with the DB and business logic)
    - Service Tests (for important GraphQL queries)
- **Site**

>     - Unit Tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Component Tests
```

When testing react components, the distinction between a “unit” and “integration” test can be blurry (https://reactjs.org/docs/testing.html). So I think it's better to use the term `component test`.

    - `feat`: new feature for the user, not a new feature for build script
    - `fix`: bug fix for the user, not a fix to a build script
    - `docs`: changes to the documentation
    - `style`: formatting, missing semi colons, etc; no production code change
    - `refactor`: refactoring production code, eg. renaming a variable
    - `test`: adding missing tests, refactoring tests; no production code change
    - `chore`: updating grunt tasks etc; no production code change
- `<scope>` can be anything specifying the place of the commit change
- `<subject>` is a very short description of the change, in the following format:
    - imperative, present tense: “change” not “changed”/“changes"
    - no capitalized first letter
    - no dot (.) at the end
- The BODY should include the motivation
for the change and contrast this with previous behavior and must be
phrased in imperative present tense
- The FOOTER should contain any information about Breaking Changes and is also the place to reference GitHub issues that this commit closes

More information on [Git Commit Msg](https://karma-runner.github.io/4.0/dev/git-commit-msg.html).

### Branches

> We never work on the `development`branch directly. All changes are made in a separate branch that will be merged into the development branch after a successful code review. Our branch names are formatted as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We never work on the `development` branch directly. All changes are made on a separate branch that will be merged into the development branch after a successful code review. Our branch names are formatted as follows:
```
